How is that possible? Lao Chen,
Your Majesty, since our shoes are compatible,
According to the method of your first shoe, my dear,
Are we also related by blood?
This name has nothing to do with you. That's right,
Since we are not related by blood,
But the shoes are wild.
Then it can be proved now,
I have no relationship with this mother and son?
Possible, how could it be compatible?
The first shoe, my dear, is simply not an advisable method.
There is no distinction between high and low in human blood.
There are only blood types.
Forget it, I’ll tell you that I don’t understand it.
You just need to remember
As long as people have the same blood type
Blood can be planted
Low-blooded people see it for themselves and it is wrong
We lied to each other for a thousand years
So the two of them
It’s really not five thousand, of course now
Come and settle our debts with Ichigo.
They are your eyes
You need to be under strict protection if you don't stay here.
You are blood relatives
How could it be for someone else?
I have died in the forest and still don’t know the feeling of despair
Listen to me
I will give you one last chance
Eat you all the way here and come out with me
I'm hurt
We have unlimited doors
I don't pay attention to saving lives
I said I said